Key,Source,Context,Changes,English
ironDoorBlockVariantHelper,blocks,Block,New,Iron Doors
woodDoorBlockVariantHelper,blocks,Block,New,Wood Doors
lightsVariantHelper,blocks,Block,New,Powered Lights
wallLight01_player,blocks,Block,New,Wall Light
porchLight01_player,blocks,Block,New,Porch Light
porchLight04_player,blocks,Block,New,Porch Light
porchLight04Brass_player,blocks,Block,New,Porch Light
ceilingLight02_player,blocks,Block,New,Ceiling Light
ceilingLight02Brass_player,blocks,Block,New,Ceiling Light
ceilingLight04_player,blocks,Block,New,Ceiling Light
ceilingLight05_player,blocks,Block,New,Ceiling Light
ceilingLight05Brass_player,blocks,Block,New,Ceiling Light
streetLight01_player,blocks,Block,New,Street Light
streetLightClassic_player,blocks,Block,New,Street Light
industrialLight02Red_player,blocks,Block,New,Industrial Light
sconce1Light_player,blocks,Block,New,Sconce
chandelierLight_player,blocks,Block,New,Chandelier
ceilingFanLight_player,blocks,Block,New,Ceiling Fan
endTableLamp_player,blocks,Block,New,Table Lamp
deskLampLight_player,blocks,Block,New,Desk Lamp
tableLampLight_player,blocks,Block,New,Table Lamp
xRayDisplayLight1_player,blocks,Block,New,X-Ray
xRayDisplayLight2_player,blocks,Block,New,X-Ray
roadBarricadeLight_player,blocks,Block,New,Road Barricade
signShopOpen_player,blocks,Block,New,Open Sign
signExitLight_player,blocks,Block,New,Exit Sign
technologyBlockVariantHelper,blocks,Block,New,Technology Decorations
kitchenBlockVariantHelper,blocks,Block,New,Kitchen Decorations
genericBlockVariantHelper,blocks,Block,New,Decorations
constructionBlockVariantHelper,blocks,Block,New,Construction Decorations
chainLinkBlockVariantHelper,blocks,Block,New,Chainlink Fence
paintingBlockVariantHelper,blocks,Block,New,Pictures
