Key,UsedInMainMenu,Source,Context,Changes,English
ironDoorBlockVariantHelper,,blocks,Block,newKey,Iron Doors
woodDoorBlockVariantHelper,,blocks,Block,newKey,Wood Doors
lightsVariantHelper,,blocks,Block,newKey,Powered Lights
wallLight01_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Wall Light
porchLight01_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Porch Light
porchLight04_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Porch Light
porchLight04Brass_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Porch Light
ceilingLight02_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Ceiling Light
ceilingLight02Brass_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Ceiling Light
ceilingLight04_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Ceiling Light
ceilingLight05_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Ceiling Light
ceilingLight05Brass_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Ceiling Light
streetLight01_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Street Light
streetLightClassic_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Street Light
industrialLight02Red_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Industrial Light
sconce1Light_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Sconce
chandelierLight_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Chandelier
ceilingFanLight_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Ceiling Fan
endTableLamp_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Table Lamp
deskLampLight_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Desk Lamp
tableLampLight_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Table Lamp
xRayDisplayLight1_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,X-Ray
xRayDisplayLight2_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,X-Ray
roadBarricadeLight_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Road Barricade
signShopOpen_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Open Sign
signExitLight_player,,blocks,Block,newKey,Exit Sign
technologyBlockVariantHelper,,blocks,Block,newKey,Technology Decorations
kitchenBlockVariantHelper,,blocks,Block,newKey,Kitchen Decorations
genericBlockVariantHelper,,blocks,Block,newKey,Decorations
constructionBlockVariantHelper,,blocks,Block,newKey,Construction Decorations
chainLinkBlockVariantHelper,,blocks,Block,newKey,Chainlink Fence
paintingBlockVariantHelper,,blocks,Block,newKey,Pictures
roomDecorBlockVariantHelper,,blocks,Block,newKey,Room Decorations
brickBlockVariantHelper,,blocks,Block,newKey,Brick Blocks
alternateWoodBlockVariantHelper,,blocks,Block,newKey,Alternate Wood Blocks
leatherFurnitureBlockVariantHelper,,blocks,Block,newKey,Leather Furniture
woodWindowBlockVariantHelper,,blocks,Block,newKey,Wood Windows
bulletproofWindowBlockVariantHelper,,blocks,Block,newKey,Bullet Proof Windows
alternateConcreteBlockVariantHelper,,blocks,Block,newKey,Alternate Concrete Blocks